Imperative to Declarative Infrastructure by For Developers and Operators by Ashwin Raveendran, eBay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kadpRayoh7w&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Self-hosted, Scale, and Federation with Kubernetes v1.4 and Beyond by Brandon Philips, CoreOS, Inc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3G8uWxVDQcE&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=2

Autoscaling Containers... with Math by Allan Espinosa, Engine Yard, Inc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJT9otr0SCY&index=3&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

How to Monitor Application Performance in a Container-Based World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHRLSIyvWXo&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=5

Kubernetes on EGO -- Bringing Enterprise Resource Management and Scheduling to Kubernetes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpYYtw6jTm0&index=6&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Network Service Agreement (SLA) System for Container Network by Yan Sun & Xuefeng Han, Huawei
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrC-rDrIqpY&index=7&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Lightning Talk - Kubernetes and Ceph Integration: From Deployment to Production by Huamin Chen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWQui5IxS1c&index=8&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Lightning Talk - Realizing the Multi-Cloud Promise of Kubernetes by Blake White, The Walt Disney Co.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDXB7-mJjeA&index=9&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Lightning Talk - Micro-Services Lifecycle Management at Twitter by Micheal Benedict, Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1CEgPw7CG8&index=10&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Lightning Talk - Benchmarking Persistent Data Volumes by Simon Croome, StorageOS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi6UnQ4lKe4&index=11&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Lightning Talk - Netflix OSS on Kubernetes by Christian Posta, Red Hat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hg60L_OpsBk&index=12&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Lightning Talk - Introducing CoreDNS Kubernetes Integration by John Belamaric, Infoblox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKmir1aiSR8&index=13&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Kubernetes Ingress: Your Router, Your Rules by Gerred Dillon, Deis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Syw2PzRudIM&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=14

Running Multiple Schedulers in Kubernetes by Xiaoning Ding, Huawei
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avORKrcyctM&index=15&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Kubernetes Networking Panel: Collaborate on the Spec, Compete on Execution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVZeGA3kW08&index=16&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Keynote: Kubernetes: Finally...A True Cloud Platform by Sam Ghods, Co-founder, Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of45hYbkIZs&index=18&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Keynote: Journey to the Center of Digital Transformation by Ken Owens, CTO, Cisco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zkn_pky4Wxo&index=19&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Keynote: Backstage with Kubernetes by Chen Goldberg, Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQoDJ70eLME&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=20

Keynote: OpenShift is Enterprise-Ready Kubernetes by Chris Wright, Red Hat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge8-Xj5Oc88&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=21

Keynote: Cloud Native Architectures with an Open Source, Event Driven, Serverless Platform
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3PPmlUkarY&index=22&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Keynote: OpenTracing and Containers: Depth, Breadth, and the Future of Tracing - Ben Sigelman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8mUiLIXkto&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=23

Keynote: Open Innovation: Kubernetes on Google Cloud by Aparna Sinha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akq_bQwAb00&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=25

Keynote: Kubernetes: Simple to Manage Anywhere - Brandon Philips, CTO, CoreOS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFAuLzUo1Zg&index=26&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Closing Remarks - Dan Kohn, Executive Director, Cloud Native Computing Foundation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96h94HfdVu8&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=27

ITNW (If This Now What) - Orchestrating an Enterprise by Michael Ward, Pearson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-Xd9wkB59Q&index=28&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Scaling Microservices Beyond a Single Cluster w/ Kubernetes by Dan Wilson, Concur
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQ9R8prQUHU&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=29

Case Study: Kubernetes at Comcast by David Arbuckle, Comcast VIPER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmeFkH-rHII&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=30

Intro to Control Plane Engineering by Bob Wise, Samsung SDS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTs3Gg7z_fc&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=31

How Box Runs Containers in Production with Kubernetes by Sam Ghods, Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIDrdZlEQdw&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=32

How Kubernetes Was the Secret Sauce in Our Globally Distributed Team’s Transition to Microservices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC_ZRLsw58M&index=33&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

KubeCon: A Story of Two Service Discoveries: Bringing Legacy to Kubernetes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUCyrY7pHeE&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=34

Let's Run Cloud Foundry on Kubernetes by Vlad Iovanov & Nikhil Manchanda, HPE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5UUA2zfvV4&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=35

Building a Bank with Kubernetes by Oliver Beattie, Monzo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkOY7DgXKyw&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=36

Unik: Unikernel Runtime for Kubernetes by Idit Levine, EMC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcZWg3YtvnY&index=37&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Compiling to Containers by Brendan Burns, Microsoft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ7kpxPXTm4&index=38&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

A Security State of Mind: Continuous Security with Kubernetes by Chris Van Tuin, Red Hat
Cloud Native Computing Foundation 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YANLbj5p4WA&index=39&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Running Multi-site, SAP Applications on Kubernetes and CoreOS by Nishi Davidson & Victoria Rozhina
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Po1GIN7IqTY&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=40

Kompose: The Docker-Compose of Kubernetes by Sebastien Goasguen, Skippbox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqUfPPNVjI8&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=41

2000 Nodes and Beyond: How We Scaled Kubernetes to 60,000-Container Clusters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6rP0A-ahHU&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=42

You’re Monitoring Kubernetes Wrong by Loris Degioanni, Sysdig
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agbBy1Aduew&index=43&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Automating Infrastructure Deployment for Kubernetes - Alena Prokharchyk & Brian Scott
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-1UuviwMws&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=44

Navigating the Container Jungle by Casey Davenport, Tigera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fKDoCB5mHQ&index=45&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Life of a Kubernetes API Request by Daniel Smith, Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryeINNfVOi8&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=46

Visualizing Kubernetes: The Power of Dashboard by Dan Romlein, Apprenda & Piotr Bryk, Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lhf7T9Bp2E&index=47&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Scale and Performance Testing of Kubernetes: Answers for Specific Applications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am179tPtueU&index=48&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Taking the Helm: Delivering Kubernetes-Native Applications by Michelle Noorali
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBc1goRfk3k&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=49

Demo of Kubernetes on Windows Server by Michael Michael, Apprenda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tbrckccvxwg&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=50

Cluster Federation in Kubernetes: Past, Present and the Future by Madhu C.S. & Quinton Hoole, Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq9lbkmxpS8&index=51&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Migration of NCSOFT Game Servers to Kubernetes by Kang Jeongsik
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-KJNWyHmQE&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=52

Processing Billions of Events in Real-Time with Heron by Karthik Ramasamy, Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3RUpCJ8r3A&index=53&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Does Cloud Native Mean Container Native? by James Bottomley, IBM Research
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2t-VDc-0aA&index=54&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Migrating Configuration to Kubernetes with Container-Transform by Micah Hausler, Skuid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0qeKO-dkFY&index=55&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

The Mushroom Cloud Effect or What Happens When Containers Fail? by Alois Mayr, Dynatrace
Cloud Native Computing Foundation 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VketmwaRe5I&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=56

BOF: Growing a Community (Leveraging Meetups to Educate, Grow, and Facilitate Conversation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SZZa5Ai1PQ&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=57

Monitoring MySQL and MongoDB with Prometheus by Vadim Tkachenko, Percona
Cloud Native Computing Foundation 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19c_gNQT2dM&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=58

Weave Cortex: Horizontally Scalable, Multitenant Prometheus as a Service by Tom Wilkie, Weaveworks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Uctgnazfwk&index=59&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Prometheus Is Good for Your Small Startup by Ignacio P. Carretero, ShuttleCloud
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veohecVHtBU&index=60&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Chronix as Long Term Storage for Prometheus by Moritz Kammerer, QAware GmbH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fhXSgRmLHM&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=61

Adapting Brownfield Deployments to Cloud-Native Technology by Richard Hartmann
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsuCCrCNfV4&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=62

Beyond Nagios: Modern Monitoring of Bronze-Age Applications with Prometheus by Ben Kochie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebfEhfJBEJ8&index=63&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Sentinel: A Platform for Fine-grained Application Security by Sudheendra Murthy, eBay, Inc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF8PX5VpC2M&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=64

A Security State of Mind: Compliance and Vulnerability Audits for Containers by Chris Van Tuin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFcJCF0j0iE&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=65

Technical View: Comparison of Container Orchestration and Management Systems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vd0xMjWOD8&index=66&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Plumbing the Cloud for Containers by Michael Friis, Docker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsxTxm5QgiU&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=67

Pachyderm: Unlock the Power of Kubernetes for Big Data by Joey Zwicker, Pachyderm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LamKVhe2RSM&index=68&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Taking the Helm - Ancestry's Journey to Kubernetes by Paul MacKay, Ancestry.com
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLn_H5jaWxQ&index=69&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Evolving Dev and Ops with Kubernetes: Enterprise Adoption for Security, Speed, and Ease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loroCi67brg&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=70

Managing a Multi-Tenanted Kubernetes Cluster in Production by Josh Bowen, Apigee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lA1B2b5kU2g&index=71&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

18 Months Before the Mast by Jack Foy, Hiya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkSYOtPxH_Q&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=72

Learning How to Pronounce Kubernetes to Production in 3 Months! by Sheriff Mohamed, GolfNow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBDog4ivBHI&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=73

 
Keynote: Kubernetes by Kelsey Hightower, Staff Developer Advocate, Google 
Cloud Native Computing Foundation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SvQqZNP6uo&index=74&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Keynote: Kubernetes - 1.4 and Beyond by David Aronchick, Senior Product Manager, Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sic5-8ikz9g&index=75&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Keynote: SDI: Delivering the Efficiencies of the World’s Largest Clouds to Everyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6y-AoVHu7-s&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=76

Keynote: Accelerating Transformation to Cloud Native on Converged ICT Infrastructure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXfpnR2VqF0&index=77&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Keynote: Monitoring Kubernetes Clusters with Prometheus by Fabian Reinartz, CoreOS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A760lwRDg9U&index=78&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Keynote: Distributed Systems Simplified Using Kubernetes by Brandon Philips, CTO, CoreOS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf7PiHXqmnw&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=79

Keynote: Kubernetes: As Seen On TV by Erik St. Martin, Systems Architect, Comcast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7g4da6-JXfE&index=80&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Closing Remarks by Chris Aniszczyk, VP of Developer Programs, The Linux Foundation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaewuSW-zcc&index=81&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Lightning Talk - OCI: Container Standards and Certification
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERN84-6Dakc&index=82&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Lightning Talk - Say what? You're Running the Storage Platform IN Kubernetes?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAYpXS9bFMY&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=83

Lightning Talk - The Feature Formally Known as Prince ... err PetSet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2AgjhFE7_c&index=84&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Lightning Talk - When Kubernetes is Not the Solution by Joonas Bergius, DigitalOcean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxA67W0aiDc&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=85

Lightning Talk - ContainerOps – Empowering DevOps With Container by Quanyi Ma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqpdveK2XAU&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=86

Lightning Talk - K8s Port: Cultivate an Engaged Community of Kubernetes Advocates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwViH5eLoOI&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=87

Kubernetes as a Service in Your Own Data Center by Jared Rosoff, VMware
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W56KoAJTwQs&index=88&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Mission Critical Kubernetes by Andy Repton & Michael Russell, Schuberg Philis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqt3l7f06Ic&index=89&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Next-Generation Microservices on Kubernetes. Live from Bloomberg by Michael Kartashov, Bloomberg LP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBKNyP1OQx0&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=90

Kubernetes in Action: Examples from Google Container Engine by Aparna Sinha & Robert Bailey, Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4yAOSdEY24&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=91

Enter the Matrix, Exploring Your Kubernetes Cluster in Virtual Reality by Ryan Vanniekerk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RyKzTb0Q0O4&index=92&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Delivering Services at DigitalOcean by Mac Browning, DigitalOcean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5WRJvMx4us&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=93

Kubernetes Auth and Access Control by Eric Chiang, CoreOS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvnXemaYQ50&index=94&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Resource Scheduling, But Were Afraid to Ask by Tim Hockin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWGkvrIPqJ4&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=95

Off the Beaten Path: An Explorer’s Guide to Kubernetes by Taylor Thomas, Intel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5H0rK9xyfI&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=96

rkt and the Open Container Initiative: Promoting Industry Standards by Derek Gonyeo, CoreOS, Inc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5CGDPMhFeA&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=97

The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly of Managing Production Systems with Kubernetes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36DwWqKRhxQ&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=98

Third Party Dynamic Volume Provisioners by Jan Šafránek, Red Hat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htqe8mJV4P4&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=99

PostgreSQL on PetSet by Josh Berkus, Red Hat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InLpWzp8C18&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=100

State of the GPU(nion) by Rudi Chiarito, Clarifai
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQHr_QlgmNw&index=101&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Torus: Focusing Storage for Kubernetes by Barak Michener, CoreOS, Inc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8Ipew7JYFU&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=102

KubeCeption! A Story of Self-Hosted Kubernetes by Aaron Levy, CoreOS, Inc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbNxGK9MwN4&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=103

Performance and Scalability Tuning Kubernetes for OpenShift and Docker by Jeremy Eder, Red Hat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN8zywbWfnk&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=104

New Features in Kubernetes Storage by Brad Childs, Red Hat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6eX9S7N7Rk&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=105

Migrating Legacy Infrastructure to Kubernetes: Olark’s Lessons From the Trenches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0nhQwbe8OY&index=106&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4

Configuring and Deploying Stateful Applications with PetSet by David Oppenheimer
Cloud Native Computing Foundation 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuJoAKTCCXg&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4&index=107

Bringing 1976 into 2016: Ticketmaster’s Public Cloud and Kubernetes Strategy by Justin Dean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSPNg5AU_II&index=108&list=PLj6h78yzYM2PqgIGU1Qmi8nY7dqn9PCr4



